Why? ----> It has became hard to provide the appropriate toys to kids due to higher cost and wide range of options.
What? ---> A toy rental service with smarter selection of toys for the kids.
How? ----> We provide the personalized toy renting experience for each kid. We suggest appropriate toys for appropriate ages.

Skills based toys selection
Skills through fun
Overall and objective focused development of child
Toys based on interests
Objective based toys selection
Cost effective solution - wide variety in lesser cost
Appropriate skills in approriate age
Options for everyone and each age group
Personalized toys
Consultancy in selection of toys
Practical approach in learning essential skills
Child focused leasing model
Toys on lease
Focus on quanlity rather than quantity
What is important is your child gets the appropriate toys rather than anything which comes to mind
We must respond to child's need of toys
Fun with virtual learning
Pay for only what you lease
Need of toys : for development of kids and youger children
Lifetime useful skills are developed at tender age
Mold your child with right skills
Food for creativity of children
Confused which toys to buy for your child?
Foster enjoyment along with learning
No storage space required 
But is it fair to ask a child to return a toy? Studies show children get emotionally attached to their toys.
“They only get attached to cuddly toys like Barbie and Noddy. We do not keep them. Eighty per cent of our toys are educational,” Gupta says.
Children don't naturally know how to make good choices. We help them making the choices
A hands on experience before buying a toy for your child
Toys are not only fun, they can also be valuable tools to make your kid smart – and they prepare him for skills needed to be an adult.
The best toy for your kid is the one that he chooses – and it can be as simple as a cardboard box or pots and pans.  When he enjoys a toy, it provides him the greatest learning experience.
Also, the more variety of toys he has, the happier he is, and the more diverse his learning experience will be.  

Cognitive Development
    This is the child's ability to learn and solve problems. For example, this includes a two-month-old baby learning to explore the environment with hands or eyes or a five-year-old learning how to do simple math problems.

Fine Motor Skill Development
    This is the child's ability to use small muscles, specifically their hands and fingers, to pick up small objects, hold a spoon, turn pages in a book, or use a crayon to draw.

Gross Motor Skill Development
    This is the child's ability to use large muscles. For example, a six-month-old baby learns how to sit up with some support, a 12-month-old baby learns to pull up to a stand holding onto furniture, and a five-year-old learns to skip.

Not these skills yet : ->

Social and Emotional Development
    This is the child's ability to interact with others, including helping themselves and self-control. Examples of this type of development would include: a six-week-old baby smiling, a ten-month-old baby waving bye-bye, or a five-year-old boy knowing how to take turns in games at school.

Speech and Language Development
    This is the child's ability to both understand and use language. For example, this includes a 12-month-old baby saying his first words, a two-year-old naming parts of her body, or a five-year-old learning to say "feet" instead of "foots".




0 - 2 years :
Hand - Eye Coordination
Objects Recognition
Comparison
Ordering
Difference between sounds
Matching
Plastic or rubber animals or dolls that can be washed.
Push or pull toys that allow your baby to create movement.
Big plastic blocks.
Musical toys or toys that generate sounds when pressed.
Empty cardboard boxes for crawling games.
Big lego toys.
Shape sorters or nesting cups that teaches your child about sizes and the concept of object permanence.
Stuffed animals


2-3 years :
Creativity
Imagination
Shapes
Categorization
Problem solving
STEM - Only Introductory(Creating interests)
Creativity and Imagination :
building blocks
plastic interlocking blocks
blunt scissors
play dough
art materials, washable markers, large crayons
simple construction sets
modeling clay
finger paints
sand and water toys
Pretend and Play :
dolls, doll stroller or basket
transportation toys like non-electrical trucks, tractors, trains toy telephones
dress-up clothes
kitchen and housekeeping toys like play dishes and vacuum cleaners
puppets and puppet theaters
Flexibility :
balls of all sizes
small sports equipment
bicycles for 4- to 7-year-olds with 20-inch wheels and training wheels (all should wear bike helmets)
play tunnel
STEM :
simple board games
simple puzzles






3-5 years :
Fine motor skills
Planning and logical thinking
STEM - Only introductory (for creating interests)
Fine motor skills :
toys that unscrew
toys with interlocking pieces that can be put together and apart
construction games
puzzle pieces that he has to manipulate to fit into shapes (pegboards)
soft balls
play dough
hammering benches
sand box where he plays with sand using plastic shapes, shovels, scoops, jars,  and others
arts and crafts supplies
Gross Motor Skills :
cars or wagons that he can push
low rocking horses
riding toys
safety trikes and wagons
Creativity :
piano
drums
xylophone
musical hammers
his voice (singing)
Pretend :
towel that becomes a super cape and transforms him into a super hero
cardboard boxes
toy trucks, trains and cars
toy tools, doctor’s instruments, cooking utensils
Gpaper, pencil, crayons, arts and crafts supplies


5-14 years :
Science Toys
Computer and games
Board Games and Strategy games
Puzzles and brain teasers
Musical Instruments
Sports
Pretend Play Toys
Magazines

Choosing toys :

    Toys that encourage dramatic play like blocks, toy vehicles, toy animals, puppets, and props to recreate real life such as a store help your kid “work out his own ideas about the world.”
    Toys that encourage manipulative play like construction sets, puzzles, and toys with interlocking pieces help your kid develop small muscle control and hand-eye coordination.
    Creative arts toys like blank pieces of paper, paints, scissors, glue, and clay encourage self-expression and the use of symbols, which are vital skills for problem-solving and literacy.
    Toys that encourage physical activity like bikes, jump ropes, balls let your child work off energy and build strength and coordination.
    Strategy games like card games, dominoes, chess and checkers teach your child about taking turns, planning, following rules and cooperating with teammates or opponents.
    TRUCE discourages violent toys and those related to media entertainment designed for older audiences.

